Hi, Linda.
Uh um hi.
Hello.
I mean this is this is Mark. Are we?
Is it 6:00 or 5:00 the meeting starts?
I see on our Outlook calendar it's 5:00
PM.
That's what I'm but I think another OK.
Yeah,
I just think everyone's running late or
probably.
OK.
Hello.
Hey, Daniel.
Oh, hi everybody.
How is everyone doing today?
Great. How are you?
Pretty good, I suppose.
Rest home for this.
Yeah, yeah, no, I, uh, took off early,
so I wouldn't be late again.
Mm.
I mean.
Good afternoon.
Hello. Hello.
Good afternoon.
Hello, good afternoon.
Hi, good afternoon, everyone.
Mark's been here.
Good afternoon.
I don't know.
Thanks a lot for joining. And sorry,
my computer is extremely large,
so I'm not going to enable my finger
because I'm told basically I can die.
So I see the choice here and clean this
here as well.
Well,
so let me just double check the
attendance again. Question to students,
who are we waiting for from your teams?
If you can please reach out to the team
members.
and um was supposed to be here.
And that's the mouse that we're starting
and if there is any team is ready to go,
please let us know.
Yeah.
So we're supposed to have two teams right
for this project, so.
This is clear.
So that's what I'm asking if any students
in uh is ready.
I'm sorry, second Alan.
Any student team, team one or team two,
you guys are ready to go,
please let us know,
because I can see that there are still
people for joining.
Yeah, so and any anyone is ready,
please share your your screen and then
you know, start it.
I think team two,
we are still waiting on some members.
So if team one wants,
team one wants to go ahead,
Bye.
please do sincere.
It seems like all your members are on are
here, so feel free.
So team one, Are you ready?
Sorry,
we're trying to get a hold of our last
Oh, I'm sorry. Thank you. Go ahead.
member. Apologies. Um.
OK, let's give it another minute.
And Mark, if you can,
please reach out to the team member who
is not here and let them know that we are
ready to start.
It will be great.
OK.
OK, he's trying to join now. Um,
see if I can get him an invite.
So would you please anybody to get your
presentation ready?
You know what? I can, you know,
we can go ahead with team two if you want.
Um.
Yeah, please, Mark, please, please, Mark,
instead of wait, yeah.
That's fine.
OK, so let's do this.
Me and Peter are here as well, Mark.
Yes, right.
So let's we we can get started.
I'll share screen.
Let me just share screen and we'll just
walk through it. I think we can.
I shouldn't screen.
Yeah, before Mark,
before you start my bed,
Thing.
I should have used this time,
waiting time to kick it off.
So welcome to the first milestone
presentation. And first of all,
congratulations, you are nearly 33% done.
With this project,
because we only have 3 milestones and
just to remind you guys that teams will
go one by one and you are expected to
demonstrate the readiness of the items
which are listed in the spec under.
Under the Milestone 1 deliverables and at
the end of each presentation there will
be time for the sponsors feedback and
questions as well as the professors.
And Mark,
do you have any parts of your
presentation recorded?
Could you repeat that please?
I didn't get. Could you repeat?
You have any?
Do you need sound when you present?
Are you playing? OK, good, good, good.
But if the second team,
No, OK.
if you guys have to play sound,
please notice that when you share your
screen,
make sure to enable computer audio, OK?
And with this being said, good luck.
OK.
Alright, so can everyone see my screen?
Yes, we can see Mark. Yeah, please.
Yes, we can.
OK. Well, once again,
good afternoon to everyone and this is
presentation for Group 2.
So for today's presentation we we do have
a a Word document with detail that
comprehensive document that highlights
the project requirement,
what we call the project requirement
document.
So this is just a PowerPoint presentation
that is.
Eventually summarizes some of the content
that is included in the PowerPoint in the
Word document rather,
and hopefully just to give everyone an
idea as to what we will be doing to
ensure that we meet the.
Requirements of the of the project,
all right.
So having said that, let's get started.
I use this too.
OK, so our project team,
as you can see here,
consists of five individuals.
Samuel Basking, Carly Bakan and Hope,
Christian Fields, Peter Oladeji.
And I'm sorry if I pronounce that
incorrectly. And of course myself.
After you.
So that's the the team members and of
course we have.
Our administrative team, which stands,
consists of Taylor Cough and Alla.
Kelly Mark,
I can never seem to pronounce the name
properly.
So that's basically what comprises the
team,
which of course our Professor and Doctor
Joy.
So that's team to the team in its
entirety.
Now let's.
Now what is this teaching Caminos Compass?
What is it?
Essentially it's a six step process
designed to create a Lesson plan with the
assistance of a large large language
module, which is LLM that are inclusive.
Advocacy driven,
empowering and transformational,
effectively facilitating the transfer of
knowledge in an amicable and supportive
learning environment.
So that this is essentially what the
teaching come.
Camino's compass is right.
So and feel free if there's any question
as we go through,
feel free to interject as I go through
the slides. Now what's the purpose?
And I think this is again,
this is just reiterating certain
information that.
Is known, but just giving you an overview.
The purpose essentially is to.
Provide a digital platform that
essentially facilitates equity in the
educational development and coaching
leadership process. It will also address.
Systematic inequality impacting bilingual
or multi multi language learners,
including those with disabilities.
It also hope to build a educator's
critical consciousness and reduce
inherent biases to translate educators
reflection into actionable practice and
above all,
empower educators to to advocate and
serve as.
Agent.
I think this is the part of it that is
really transformation transformational.
What's the target audience? Well,
our target audience are K through 12
students and of course the educators and
the coaches or evaluators that supports
them.
The initial prototype that we're focused
on that we'll be producing will focus on.
Language art within the 8th grade level
with it for 8th grade students within the
Marietta School District.
And of course,
the the plan for the future is to
replicate the prototype to include all K
through 12 subject areas, right?
Again,
this is just a summary of the six step
Paso model.
One we know is to reflect on the
knowledge of self to review knowledge of
others.
3 recognize sociopolitical dynamics 4
plan for lesson delivery 5 partner with.
Students and family and 6 to the practice
of advocacy.
So these are the six steps that comprises
the project.
Or the application, so to speak.
Our functional.
This is an overview of the functional
requirements. In terms of project scope,
we'll be implementing Paso one and also
Paso 2.
Paso three to six will be static and
functional.
We will for passer one and two have full
user interface and user experience within
the prototyping to incorporate that and
of course the requirement engineering for
all six passers will be low highlighted.
Are detailed in the document,
the Word document that we have developed.
In terms of teacher requirements,
the teacher will be able to complete the
self efficacy survey,
view the static examples of
recommendation.
Try and edit.
The student profile. In other words,
the teacher will have the.
Crud functionality and be able to
navigate through all six passes using,
you know, the navigation bar.
In terms of the coach,
the coach will be able to log into the
system,
view the list of teachers and also
certain.
Static data which will be included in the
system and the.
The coach will also be able to view the
coach's dashboard and have the ability to
create a or make provide feedback to the
teacher.
Now what's our basic requirement and what
will be out of school in terms of the
basic requirements?
We will have basic authentication and
role management to the data storage for
PASA one survey results.
We will also have data storage for Paso 2,
which is the student profile, et cetera.
And we also have documentation describing
the full system behaviour and that is
what will be contained in our Word
document. What's out of scope?
The IA based artifacts analysis,
so we won't be it.
The system won't be able to provide any
analysis in phase one,
will not provide any audio transcription,
any advanced analytic analytics or
dashboard, the reader system integration,
which is what will be used to evaluate.
Vida is a system used to evaluate the.
Oh.
Academic.
Standards for students or set the
academic standard for students,
we that would only have limited interface
with that.
We won't be incorporating that in the
system in so to speak,
but in the future that we should have an
API that would link to the reader system.
To help in the evaluation and creating a
comprehensive.
Learning planner.
So,
so let's move on now to the system
architecture and just the technology
stack.
Again,
this is just a brief overview of the
system which will have this the as I said.
Previously the six steps which will be
included. Phase one will be implemented.
Phase one and two,
three to six will just be static for the
most part.
None.
Let's move on to the The primary users
will be the teachers,
the coaches and and of course the admin
who will be there to upload standardized
information or material.
John.
But the initial phase one will be focused
primarily on teachers and coaches.
The system architecture,
let's take a quick look at what that
involves.
We'll have the platform which will of
course will be cloud-based front end.
We're looking at the usage of React and
JavaScript and the system will be
deployed and Vercel.
We have a the back end will be Mongo
Mongo database alright and it will have
built in authentication.
Authentication.
In terms of AI evaluation,
we'll be using an external based AI
service.
The supported devices will be laptops and
desktop.
Mobile support will not be included in
phase one in terms of regulatory
constraints will be taken into
consideration.
FERPA.
Which is the laws that governs student
information and what's available,
what can you know in terms of privacy,
etcetera. We'll also minimize the amount,
the type of data we collect so as to
ensure that we're.
We are adhering to data privacy rule
where applicable.
In terms of technical constraints.
We will be using it React and JavaScript
for front end and of course it will also
be a part of the back end JavaScript
which will be support for Jason based
survey and scoring structure.
In terms of our evaluation,
we'll be using AI evaluation component.
The AI evaluation components will remain
modular and replaceable.
I knew.
In terms of project constraints,
we're looking at phase one and two.
As I said earlier,
phase three and four that's will not be a
part of, I mean Paso three to six, sorry,
will not be a part of phase two.
Phase one and these these are some
assumptions we have regarding the system
that teachers, you know,
possess basic digital literacy.
Coaches will be able to access the system
via, you know, the standard web browser.
For the.
We'll be using standardized district
survey and lesson plans and those will be
provided with.
And we try as much as possible to mimic
what is within the Marietta school
district in terms of dependencies,
the Mongo DB uptime for authentication
and data operations and of course Versal
for front end.
Hosting and deployment.
And external LLM provided for I.
AI evaluations.
Quick overview.
This is a process.
We have discussed this in our previous
meeting and essentially this is just our
data flow or process flow in terms of.
We have here.
Passo 1,
Passo 234 and all the way up to six.
And I'm not sure if we need to go back,
go through in terms of detail how this
will flow since we already discussed that
in a previous meeting and we added Passo
five and six essentially.
As Doctor Joy had mentioned the last time,
we want to use passive five and six to
help in the validation of the Lesson plan.
So essentially what this shows is the how
the data will flow through the system and
the different.
Data points which will eventually help us
to generate the Lesson plan,
which we will call a derived Lesson plan
here and a derived Lesson plan.
Then we'll do the validation of the
Lesson plan and we're going to use.
Passo five and six along with the teacher
initial lesson plan to help in validating
the lesson plan that will be derived from
the A I. And as I said,
we went through this in detail at a
previous meeting, last meeting.
So I'm not,
I don't think it is necessary to.
Go through it in detail again, so uh.
This chart just shows the coach's view.
Again,
we went through this in a previous
meeting whereby the coach will have the
ability to see the teacher efficacy
survey, student profile,
the derived lesson plan,
AI derived lesson plan and the teacher
will get the.
Coach will have the ability to, you know,
input his or her review notes,
etcetera and then generate the teacher
evaluation. Again,
we went in detail regarding this process
flow.
In terms of the.
Language the large language module,
which is what we'll be using.
The project will utilize an.
A hosted external LLM service access
through secured back end APIs.
And what's the rationale for doing that
is really it eliminates the need for
specialized local hardware.
It's simplified the deployment.
Deployment maintenance provides
scalability for future expansion,
enable flexibility where LLM service can
be replaced if required.
In terms of runtime,
all eight AI processing occurs on the
provider infrastructure, the back end.
Handles requests,
orchestration and response management.
In terms of constraints,
it's will be dependent on the provider
ability and network connectivity and it
will comply with privacy requirement.
Hmm.
So that's it in general and the next
thing we want to quickly captures is the
functional requirements.
In our Word document we detail all the
function, the functional requirements.
So here is just a basic highlight in
terms of the what the basics the for in
terms of the basic system requirements
and then the base.
We have the authentication and user
management.
We have that detail in the Word document.
We're going to allow user to create
account using e-mail and password user
authentication via Mongo database.
And it's gonna facilitate access
restriction via role base.
In terms of dashboard,
these are just a few of the.
We just highlight a few of the things
that are captured in the Word document
which detail all of this in terms of the
system requirement for dashboard.
The same thing for teacher efficacy
survey, student profile.
And you know the lesson plan update,
these are just the basic things that we
are we have included in our Word document.
And so this is a big and high.
We're just highlighting a few items here
just to show what are some of the
functional requirements.
In terms of areas.
Now in terms of data requirements.
We are using of course the Mongo database.
And I don't think we necessarily need to
get into detail on this chart.
It's been really explained in our Word
document in more detail.
In terms of the data validation rules,
we are going to have authentication and
role based access required for.
All read for read writes to allow for
individual to be able to read and write
into the to the system.
Survey must become must include required
responses.
So what we're going to have is for the
the survey to allow for flexibility.
Certain items will be a certain data item
will be required and some will be
optional.
So that if a teacher doesn't have all the
data at that point, at a point in time,
she can still complete the the survey and
still get a derived lesson plan.
All right,
but that the more information that the
teacher provide,
the more comprehensive the.
The lesson plan will be.
So these are just some of the data
requirements that will be there in term
again in terms of retention and disposal
requirement we got we.
The data will be retained for the pilot,
the survey data retained until deleted by
the teacher or the admin person,
and of course the date we are going to
adhere to the data retention policy.
So the system at the end of the day will
adhere to the data retention policy,
but there will be flexibility for the
admin to determine the the the length of
time that certain data will be maintained
in the system.
But in general we'll try to adhere to the
data retention policy.
Laws, et cetera, at a minimum.
And in terms of privacy and
classification, privacy, sorry,
classification, privacy classification.
We'll classify data in term in based on
sensitivity and it will be either
internal,
moderate or so as to ensure we understand
how sensitive information is and what
information who can have access to.
You know the different types of data
based on sensitivity.
And in terms of PII,
these are just the minimum rules that we
will adhere to. And again,
these are detailed in our Word document.
OK.
Let's move on to interface requirement.
Sorry.
This side here just sort of capture the
interface requirement for.
That will be applicable to the for the
system.
And essentially,
I'll just quickly summarize a few of them
here.
The web-based dashboard for teachers,
coaches and future admins.
So we're going to have that supporting
access to the passos, the survey,
student profile and the Lesson plan
upload. All right, so that's.
In terms of PASA one and two,
the UI will include survey workflow,
auto save, structured AI insight,
student profile,
CROD because that will give the teacher
the ability to.
Create, review, delete or update,
you know student profile accordingly.
The coach,
the coach will be will provided access to
the teacher progress,
but it's for the most part the coach will
only have.
Read. We don't be able to read our view,
not be able to make any updates except
for as shown in the previous slide.
Her notes for the teacher in terms of the
review,
but for the most part the coach will only
be able to to.
To view rather than except for the
coaches notes that she can make to that
will be provided to the teachers in terms
of the API.
We have internal API support,
authentication, rule-based access,
enforcement and CRUD operation for
surveys, student profiles and upload.
Again, this is just a brief summary.
Not sure if this is technical,
so don't know.
Don't think we need to go into much
detail here, but again,
this is just an overview of what our the
Word document entails so as to give the
reader a comprehensive understanding of
what the system is all about.
Again,
these are just some hardware and software
interface being which is included again
in this in the Word document.
The client will access via or the
teachers.
The client refers to the teachers and the
coaches will access via modem or web
browser on desktop,
laptop and again no no offline mode mode
will be supported at this juncture.
And I stated earlier,
the front end will be built with React
and JavaScript for the moment.
It's JavaScript really in terms of
communication interface.
The system will allow for.
B.
Reviewer or coach to send e-mail to a
teacher to notify the teacher if when a
review is completed, etcetera.
Likewise the teacher will be able to,
you know, send e-mail to the.
Generate an e-mail to the.
Reviewer and these again are just
anything to communication interfaces.
These are just typical protocols.
Don't think it you know it's your
self-explanatory,
so I won't go into any detail here.
Once again it is detailed in the Word
document.
Now let's look at the constraints.
The constraints in terms of technical
stocks,
that's going to be the development will
be again,
some of these are just being repetitive,
but just to ensure that we're all on the
same page,
the development will be based will be a
web-based architecture.
With phase one constraints to to react
and constraint to react and JavaScript.
In terms of the technology that will be
utilized and if it's all of that will be,
you know,
based on the skill set of the of the team,
which to some extent we have some
limitation.
In terms of privacy and compliance,
we are going to be working within the
constraints of, you know,
the applicable laws and the data privacy
rules, you know, to ensure that we.
We are compliant as far as budget budget
goes,
we'll be we'll be using free Versal which
is a to host our system which is free.
So we won't be using anything that.
Require cap, you know, the outlay of cash,
et cetera.
In terms of time and scope,
timeline and scope limitation,
we are hoping to complete the prototype
by of course the end of the project,
which is milestone 3.
In terms of operational constraints,
the system will require reliable Internet
connectivity and is intended for a small
pilot group,
not not a large scale deployment.
Now in terms of the acceptance criteria.
These are what we deem to be the major
criterion 1A secure user authentication
and roles.
Whereby user can sign in and secure,
sign in securely and access only the
features that are.
That pertains to them,
so teachers will only be able to access
I think Mark,
you need to wrap up because it's already
her, his or her portfolio, OK.
more than 30 minutes now.
Just quickly wrap up.
Yeah, OK. And of course the role base,
these are just what the the 10 criteria
we deemed,
the thing items that we deem will ensure
that we fulfill the acceptance, you know,
for the project.
Let's look at the next.
And so that's the end of our slides.
So that would be at the end of our
presentation. If there's any question,
feel free.
Yeah,
just a just a couple of quick questions.
First of all,
did your team start to implement the
stuff like did have you I I saw you have
the data flow or those type of things,
but have you?
Go ahead, Professor, I'm listening.
Yeah,
I think he and we lost your mid sentence.
Hello.
Yes, Professor, we lost you.
Welcome back.
Oh, sorry, sorry.
My quick question is do you have like a
wireframe design as a quick interface
prototyping design?
No, we have not.
We have not reached that level just yet.
OK.
The second question is you talk about the
external large language model.
Have you identified anyone that you you
would like to use at this point of view?
And I get that don't know we are open to
where we have a meeting next week where
we'll be determining which which one will
be the most effective, but we do have.
Ideas, but we haven't zeroed in on that,
the one that we'll be using for sure.
OK.
And team members,
feel free to interject if you want.
Go ahead, Professor. Any other question?
I just have a couple minor, well,
they're important but not complex.
So remember it's called Caminos Coach,
not teaching Caminos or Caminos Compass
is fine too,
just not the teaching Caminos.
OK.
I saw it said focus on grade 8 and we're
focused on teachers for grades K to five
and coaches in elementary schools K to
five.
OK, let me just go back there.
You're saying the last when we made the
last time and we can make the the
objective was to use 8th grade as the
example,
but we can't change that if it is done.
So if it is 8 to 5.
I don't work at it.
I I think you must have misheard me
'cause I don't.
I don't work above 6th grade, really.
Oh, OK, so that's fine. We'll just.
I think she was just using it as an
example, Mark.
Yeah, thank you.
Oh, OK, so we'll use grade 5 then.
So instead of grade 8,
Yeah.
which will be grade 5.
So you're assuming only one grade?
K through 5K through 5 mark.
What what what we said initially we will
use one grid so we can use the what we
call it.
Let me just get to that side when we if
once we use one grid we can then be be
able to replicate that.
So for the model we want to use this one
particle.
So we can then replicate that it because
we can show that it works because we're
going to get all the necessary
information,
use it in that particular grade, right?
So the initial prototype focus on
OK.
language art. We're saying so one subject,
language art,
and we're going to use it for grade 5,
for example.
That's what we're going to use it within
the Marrieta district.
So if a language art,
once we use a system to show how it will
work for language art,
then in the future we'll be able to
replicate it for, you know,
K throughout the K5K25.
OK.
But in K through 12.
So that's why we're just using language
art, because when we use language art,
we'll be able to get all the necessary
information to do the exact,
to do the evaluation of the student
writing sample, etcetera.
That we'll be able to get a copy of the.
Teachers lesson plan for five grade a
copy of the teacher of the Marietta
School District lesson plan for grade
five and put all those use all those data
point to generate what we are calling the
AI derived Lesson plan.
So we that's why we're just focusing on
one grid and then once then we can
Yeah.
OK. OK. So we'll do grade five.
That's fine.
replicate that for all grades.
Go back back.
Right.
Yeah,
that that that's basically like our
templates.
And once we do that so that we don't do
multiple correction in multiple places,
we can easily replicate to the rest of
the thing.
Bye.
OK.
Yeah.
Any other question for us?
OK. So very quickly. OK. So I think,
I think the milestone presentation should
be collective presentation, right.
So for this one,
I think Mark did all of them,
all the presentations.
So for the rest of the teams,
which with each one of you very quickly.
Just to talk about what do you have done,
what do you have contributed to this
project?
Just the one or two sentence very quickly
is the rest of the teams.
Let's start with Samuel. Samuel,
would you please quickly talk about what
we contribute to the project?
Hi, yes,
I so worked with Mark to put together the
flow chart that we used earlier in the
presentation and then we're putting the
project requirement document together.
I did Section 2 and then Section 3
functional requirements as well as the
overall description system overview
things.
Like that.
OK. So thank you, Carly. Is Carly here?
Carly,
would you talk about what you contribute
to the project?
Mhm.
Yes.
Yes,
I contributed to sections four about the
data entry. Yeah,
that's what I contributed to.
And Mark just helped us put the
PowerPoint together in the milestone
document.
Sure. Thank you. Peter,
would you please talk about what you
contribute to?
Sure. I I hold the Section 6,
so which is the interface requirement,
Oh.
the the user interface, the API,
the hardware and the communication.
Then myself and Carl, I believe Carl,
I forget to mention that we work together
Yes, I forgot to say. I'm sorry.
on 1.3 as well,
which is the Section 7 which.
He's talking about the limits,
please on the system and and you know,
furious example.
And of course Mark has always been very
good and resourceful for us as a central
point helping us to collate it together
so that it looks good for presentation.
OK. Thank you. Christian,
would you talk about what you contribute
to?
Is Christian here?
No, he isn't here.
OK, it's not here. So team two, please.
OK, next time for next presentation,
let's just do collective presentation.
Everyone needs to talk about your portion.
OK.
Instead of one person do all the
presentation. Yeah,
that's that's what I encourage you to do
for next one. Thank you.
Yeah, Tintu,
would you please get get it ready?
OK. Thanks.
OK.
Hi, good afternoon everyone.
Can everyone hear me?
Yeah, if I may, Marie, I'm sorry guys.
I have a hard talk at 5 minutes to six,
so I don't want to interrupt the
presenters,
but I will quietly disappear at this
point.
But and thank you so much for running
this one. It really helps.
Thank you for being here.
OK. Before we start our presentation,
we just want to mention that we are down
to four because one of the student has
reduced from the class.
So it's going to be only four people,
which is Marie, Daniel, Linda and Jordan.
And also we would like to mention that we
have a supporting Word document for the
requirements of the project as well as a
weekly log of each of our group meetings
that we will be submitting this Sunday on
D2L.
So we are group one and today we will be
presenting the Caminos Compass project,
which is a platform designed to support
multilingual learner.
Here is a brief overview of what we will
cover today.
We will start with an overview of the
platform, then we will discuss.
The parcel requirements,
the world definition and workflows,
the data elements,
the technology stack and supporting tools
that we'll be using for development.
And lastly,
we will conclude by outlining the next
phase of the project.
So the objective of the Caminos Compass
platform is it's like we can state that
it is going to be a platform that focuses
on helping educators by providing more
reflective, equitable.
And language supportive instructions.
So now we're going to start with the
pastor one or step one,
which is the knowledge of self.
So the objective of this step is to focus
on the critical self-reflection,
where the teachers will be assessed on
their position in their learning process,
assumptions, unspoken biases,
prior knowledge that can.
Impact their decision making and some
user requirements that we will be using
for this step.
We will have a standardized reflection,
a self identity and belief feedback from
the student where the teacher will
provide any feedback from the their
content.
And her hidden curriculum and some
operational requirements for this step
will be assumptions and expectations,
learning experiences,
culture and connection,
areas for improvement,
learning goals and continued conflict
reflection.
Next we have the PASO 2 or Step 2,
which is a knowledge of the learner.
The objective of this step is to
understand the learner,
such as the academic readiness,
the proficiency on reading and writing,
the cultural asset and interest, etcetera.
So some user requirements that we will be.
Be using for this step.
We only have a structured document to
collect the data from the learner and
recognizing trends in in the learner
behavior.
And some operational requirements will be
comprehensive profiles including academic
readiness,
language proficiency and interest.
Knowledge of identification where we will
facilitate teachers by recognizing the
student existing knowledge and last you
will have the assessment data integration.
Action.
Next we have the pastor 3,
which is a knowledge of socio-political
dynamics.
The objective of this step is to address
the socio-political and dynamic factors
that can impact the teaching.
So that will include power dynamics,
language hierarchies,
access to any resources.
And any approaches that may marginalize
the learner and some user requirements
for this step will be examining,
examining the learning method and
policies,
analyzing the classroom and power
dynamics,
designing an equitable instruction.
And ensuring equitable access and some
operational requirements will have
equitable access,
a language representation,
grouping structures,
access of the factors,
student interest and inclusion.
Now I will turn over to Jordan to explain
the requirement four of the project.
Hi, can you hear me?
Yes.
Yes, so paso for the practice of teaching.
This step focus on instructional design
and delivery.
This paso ensures teachers implement
rigorous,
inclusive and linguistically responsive
instructions that that promote bilingual
development.
And equitable participation and
multilingual learners.
We have some user requirements.
The teacher needs to support,
Oh.
need support to identify and articulate
clear content and language objectives,
Oh.
plan scaffolds and accommodations using
UDL principles.
Designed structured student interactions,
paired share,
small groups and discussions.
And differentiate instructions based on
learner profiles, align lessons,
objectives with formative assessment,
reflection of participation patterns and
classroom power dynamics and some
operational requirements.
The system must provide a structured
learning and planning interface aligned
with practice of teaching prompts.
The system will allow teachers to enter
content objectives, language objectives,
language demands.
Such as vocabulary, syntax and discourse,
planned scaffolds and accommodations,
student interaction strategies,
assessment checkpoints,
Um.
and also the system will store the lesson
entries linked to the teacher profile.
And that's, yeah.
So hello, my name is Linda. So PASEL 5,
which will be or step 5 practice of
knowing the other is focused on helping
the teachers truly understand their
students as people,
not just as academic data scores or
labels.
Many systems tell teachers how students
perform,
but Paso 5 focuses on how students
experience the classroom every day.
The goal is to move teachers from simply
knowing about students to learning with
students over times as teachers are
guided to slow down and pay attention to
student voices is voices.
Languages, cultures,
and daily interactions.
PASEL Fives will help teachers notice
which students speak often and which
students may stay quiet or withdraw.
This will help teachers reflect on whose
ideas are valued in class discussions and
whose ideas may be overlooked.
Teachers also think about how the
classroom rules, routines,
and expectations may feel different for
different students.
This pacify will help teachers identify
moments where students may feel excluded,
misunderstood,
and labeled unfairly without intention.
Teachers will be able to reflect on trust
and relationships and not just lesson
plans or content.
So and reflection is based on the real
classroom evidence such as student talk,
group work,
written work and informal conversations.
This overall will help teachers move away
from guessing forward and noticing
patterns overtime. In phase one,
this pasto is shown as an example and
question and sample teacher responses and
this makes the system feel supported and
safe and ready.
The main idea for Paso 5 is knowing
students is ongoing and never fully
complete so.
And.
Some user requirements that teach the
teachers need support with learning how
to reflect on how well they know students
as individuals and communities,
and examine how student languages and
cultures are informed or marginalized.
Some operational requirements will have a
reflection prompts for teachers and
coaches to use the students voice and the
use of cultural linguistic assets and
classroom routines that may.
May cause exclusions and learning from
students and not just about them.
These will.
This will also have reflection prompts
that each student will participate and
discourse discuss with each other.
And the teachers.
OK.
Paso 6 OK and Paso 6.
I also did Paso 6 which.
Focuses on what teachers do after
reflection.
Once teachers better understand students,
this paso helps them turn understanding
into action.
Advocacy and Camino's compass means
making intentional teaching choices that
support students learning.
Is not just political and does not ask
teachers to step outside their
professional role.
Teachers reflect on where students may
face barriers in the classroom,
and these barriers might include unclear
instructions, limited chances to speak,
or materials that do not reflect the
students lives.
Teachers are also encouraged to think
about their lessons,
either open doors or closed doors for
students.
The system model simply realistic is is
simple and has realistic actions that
teachers can take right away.
These examples that we have are adjusting
lessons plans,
making instructions more clear for the
students,
and offering multiple ways for students
to participate.
Alright, next, OK.
Yeah.
Jim handing it back to Jordan.
Yes,
in the role definition we have two roles,
the teach and the the teacher and the
coach.
The objective is to define
responsibilities and systems access for
OK.
teachers and coaches to ensure role based
functionality.
Structured workflows and centered
professional collaboration.
So the teacher role will focus on a
complete reflection across Paso one
through 6.
Manage and update student profiles in
Paso 2 plan instruction using structured
prompts.
Paso 4 document instructional strategies
and advocacy actions.
Navigate all Pasos through the platform
and.
Coach role will log in with coach
specific access, view teacher lists.
This portion will be static for phase one.
Access a static dashboard for review,
view teacher reflections.
In a read only mode,
use structured coaching prompts to guide
feedback conversations.
OK.
And some operational requirements.
The system will enforce role role based
access control, teacher versus coach.
The system will allow teachers full edit
access to their reflection and lesson
plans.
The system will allow coaches to read
only.
Access for teacher submissions in phase
one and the system will provide a static
coach dashboard for review for for
reviewing teacher engagement.
Hello,
so the Kaminos Compass A we're putting
together is going to follow a guided
workflow which is aligned and centered
around the six Osos.
Hase one is going to support a fully
functional OSO one and OSO 2.
And phase one will aim to have at least
functioning navigation for Pasos 3
It.
through 6.
Starting with the teacher workflow and
it's going to be much the same for the
coach.
They're going to start with our login
page.
The teacher is going to authenticate
using their credentials.
The system is going to verify.
By their role and then it's going to
automatically grant role based access
depending on their authentication.
The teacher is then going to be routed to
the teacher dashboard. The coach,
much the same, is going to log in,
have their credentials identified and
authenticated.
And then they will be routed to the coach
dashboard and then they'll have their own.
Privileges over the teacher profile
section. Peso one,
which is our first functional page,
is going to be.
It's going to start with the System
Presents Guided Reflection Survey.
What you're seeing on the screen now is
actually the login page. Sorry.
Um.
And then peso one, sorry.
Is going to have the reflection prompts,
the teacher submission prompts.
It's going to store student profiles and
then list the in progress systems at the
time, then Peso 2, the workflow.
Is going to navigate.
You're good right there.
OK.
Is going to navigate to the existing
student roster.
Teachers can add or remove any student
profile.
They can view it if they just want to
review the student profile.
This is going to hold data like academic
performance, linguistic history,
cultural significant.
Nodes, anything like that.
The system is going to save these
profiles to the web, to the cloud,
and it's going to associate each profile
with a a specific teacher,
which can all then be seen by the coach.
So we're looking at the wireframes I
mocked up.
So this is the homepage that the
teacher's going to be directed to when
they first log in.
So once they've been authenticated,
they're going to see this page.
Next slide, please.
So,
and this is a little stretched out
because it didn't play nice,
but this is the wireframe for the coach
dashboard. Again,
we can kind of see on the left side
that's where we have the navigational bar
and it has each of the pesos and the top
right we have our profile.
And that's where you would also be able
to log out or change account.
And the coach dashboard is going to have
of course the peso progress,
paso progress for the different teachers,
recent activity done by the teachers.
It's going to host the teacher's name,
school, paso status.
The number of students they're teaching,
as well as the ability to view their
class and kind of see everything from a
down view. Next slide.
So then we get into the actual pasos.
So passo one again is going to be the
knowledge of self.
We've kind of gone over this and then the
current iteration is a survey.
Essentially we're gathering these
teachers data so that we can store it and
implement it later.
Next slide.
So and then this was a little long,
so it's two screenshots side by side,
but it's both passo too.
This is the knowledge of the learner
slide,
so this would be the 2nd and the only
other functional.
Paso page for the phase one,
and this is going to have the student
profiles, the classroom status,
the ability to update,
edit and remove students from the
classrooms.
And this these privileges are going to
vary slightly between the coach and
teacher.
Profile or account? Next slide.
Next slide.
So then we have Paso three and four.
Again,
these are static only as I had mentioned
previously.
So right now these are going to be
placeholder.
They're not going to actually really pull
any data,
though they will likely have some.
Placeholder data to kind of fill in the
blanks,
at least for the sake of phase one.
Next slide.
And then five and six are going to be
much the same. These are a placeholder.
They are there and can be navigated to
and interacted with,
but they are not going currently planned
to have any major features or functions.
Within the review of hase one.
Next slide.
Linda.
So for the the data elements that we're
using,
the user profile will which teachers and
the coaches will be will be generated,
which will be user ID.
This number is in the system.
That is made for each person and it helps
the system keep track of users without
mixing anybody up and it's used in the
background is not something users need to
remember and we have the role which is
the teacher or the coach and it tells the
system what the user is allowed to do.
The teachers and the coaches see
different tools and pages and also it
helps protect the data from getting
things organized or to get it.
Um, sorry.
And then the name and e-mail is used for
identification, communication and login.
This is used to show who was inside the
system and it will have um.
Messages and updates and will help with
account recovery if a password is
forgotten and we have the school or
district which will be optional and it
provides the context for instructional
settings.
And it's not required for access.
It had where we use years of experience
and this shows how long someone has been
teaching and it will help coaches
understand the support that will be
needed.
New newer teachers usually are and sorry
newer teachers are experienced.
And experienced teachers may need
different guidance, contents,
areas and grade levels.
This explains what subjects the teacher
teaches and which grades.
It helps the system connect and reflect
to real classroom settings,
and it also helps coaches give better
feedbacks feedback.
And language spoken.
This will recognize the languages
teachers bring with them.
It supports culturally responsive
teaching and it helps school value
language diversity. And again,
the login credentials and account status.
This will help secure to provide.
Secure access to the system and account
status shows if the account is active or
disabled.
This will help with safety and user
management.
And passive one will knowledge of the
self.
This will only be for teachers where they
will be able to add reflection ID and
teaching context.
Each reflection get its gets its own ID
so it can be tracked and it's linked to a
specific subject.
A grade or unit.
This helps organize reflections overtime
and we have identity,
beliefs and assumptions.
This will be the reflections of what a
teacher believes and this.
Includes like personal experience with
students that affect learning that
affects teaching. Sorry,
and it helps teachers become more aware
of their choice choices,
biases and hidden curriculum.
This will help teachers think about
unspoken rules or expectations,
and it supports awareness of biases.
Bias in the classroom and connections to
students, cultures and languages.
Teachers reflect on how they connect with
students backgrounds.
This includes cultural,
language and community,
and it brings us a stronger relationships
with the students.
And Ariel for Growth and Professional
Goals helps teachers name learning,
learning edges and instructional
intentions.
Next slide.
Now we are going to talk about the
technology stack.
So for our project we have chosen the
Mint stack for the entire entire project
which includes Mongo DB, Express, JS,
Angular and Nodejs.
So why Mongo DB?
Mongo DB is a no SQL type database.
It can support a lot of variety of data,
unstructured semi structured data.
It allows schema flexibility and it
scales very efficiently whenever the
number of users.
Go over time.
And Express Express JS is it's gonna be
used to for the back end of the
application. I'm sorry,
it is lightweight and flexible for West
full APIs it is.
It supports a very secure handling user
submitted data and it enables precise
separation between the front end and the
back end.
Now lastly we have,
let's see we have Angular,
Angular for the front end part of the
project.
So Angular supports component based
architecture which is very ideal for our
modular parcel each of the steps.
And it also provides strong support for
handling and validation,
which is very perfect for the feature,
for the teacher and the student surveys.
And also you can enable structured
navigation across Paso one through Paso 6.
And lastly we have Nodejs which can work
synchronously with Expressjs to provide
the service side one time environment for
executing the user requests outside of
the browser.
So it can enable full time full stack
JavaScript for development handle.
Concurrent requests efficiently integrate
seamless seamlessly with an Express and
Mongo DB and it is also an open source
technology and it has a lot of open
source libraries that we can use such as
NPM.
Now the development environment for our
development environment we will be using
as IDE Visual Studio code for our cloud
based database platform.
We'll be using Mongo DB Atlas and for our
versioning control and team collaboration.
For the code we will be using GitHub.
And now we have our gunshot,
which is a summarize of everything that
we've done for the milestone one from the
first meeting with the Spencer through
today.
And for the next phase of the project,
we will be using the we'll be working on
Oh.
Hi.
the UI prototype and minimum viable
product foundations,
which includes all these specific steps.
Any questions before we go to the final
slide?
I don't know if you guys have any
questions.
I I think it's a great presentation so
far. So yeah,
please go ahead and to conclude.
Thank you.
So this is our reference page where we
put everything that we've used,
every document,
every images and for also our slide
presentation so.
This is the end. Thank you everyone.
Thank you, everyone.
Yeah, thank you.
I just have a quick question for for
Thank you.
Daniel. Hey, I like,
I like the UI design you had you
presented just curious.
So you use any tool to build the UI
prototyping or you just drawing it or
what type of?
Yeah, no,
I used Figma actually for the first time.
OK, wonderful. Wonderful. Yeah,
it looks very cool.
And it worked out really well.
Yeah,
it's very detailed and I think it's it's
Yeah.
nice to like.
Now thank you.
Yeah.
Yeah, everyone,
really wonderful presentation.
I really like the the graphics that you
use to describe the the flow and the
topics and I can tell you all understand
it very deeply and that makes me very.
Happy. I was very impressed and I I just,
I think I have some questions that are
OK.
kind of specific throughout.
just going to pass a one um
But no, yeah, up to the.
Um.
I think there was something that said
student feedback on content. Oh,
teachers need feedback from students on
content. How are you imagining or where?
Can you explain what you're thinking more
than that? So I see if we understand.
Yeah, so.
Yeah.
Yeah,
so based on the the whenever we say
content is what the teachers,
it's the teachers are teaching.
So they just wanna make sure that they
understand what the student what are the.
Students understanding of their content.
So this is where the feedback now come
OK,
so are you thinking that the teacher will
from.
provide something in that also that shows
the student understanding?
Um, because that fails.
Or like just that the questions are
guiding the teacher to think about that.
I think because it's a critical
self-reflection,
so it's probably gonna come from the the
teachers.
So in the way that the class is moving,
how they each of the student you feel,
the teachers can feel like how they
understand the class,
they can provide their self-reflection on
that.
OK. OK.
So it's still part of the self-reflection
Yeah.
component, right? OK.
And then on Paso 2 looked great.
I don't think I had anything that came up.
Like covered all those components as far
as I understand Passo 3,
he said the language representation part.
Yeah.
Um.
Think.
Can you can you explain?
And then maybe we'll make sure we're yeah.
Yeah, so because the based on the um.
So this is a multilingual.
Based on my understanding,
I think that's because it's a
multilingual platform.
So they're gonna have teachers gonna have
different kind of student that speak
Mhm.
different kind of languages, so.
Mhm.
They're going to use a diversity of
languages to represent all the the
student effectively,
make sure that they don't left behind one
student or another.
So they make sure that even if they teach
Yes.
English and you don't speak English and
you speak Spanish and you speak.
Another another language like Haitian,
Kiran, Haitian.
So it's just that we can make sure that
everyone effectively come understanding.
Yes.
So it's kind of like are the students
home languages included in instruction
and in the classroom dynamics, OK.
Yeah.
Definitely.
OK.
In.
Um.
And yeah, another way to think about that,
just the dynamics where that's coming
from in the model is that.
When you're in a dual language immersion
classroom, so not necessarily English,
not just one where there's multiple
languages,
but where they're where you have both
native speakers learning English and
English speakers learning the other
language.
Mhm.
The target language is what they say.
Then the the dynamics of how that
language pieces you sometimes.
What's been seen is that the target
language can still be marginalized and
not given as much space in in the
classroom instructional time or yeah,
Yeah.
there's various ways to look at that, so.
I would say representation I think is one
word,
but also what did I just say a component
of?
Uh, I in it.
I don't know. I just used a term now.
I forgot it. I'm tired. I'm tired.
But does that make sense?
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
OK. Um.
Otherwise that sounds good.
And then Paso 4I have a question on.
Um.
Yes, passive forward.
Yeah, I was just reminding myself. Um.
Yeah,
I like the idea of storing the lesson
entries.
In the future,
I think this would also be a place where.
You could have a if you do you think you
could store like a video or like a
observation or even observation feedback
from a coach?
Yes, I believe that's doable.
Are you more particularly like pointing
to the observation that is inputted from
the coach and being able to reference
Oh.
that maybe in the database or?
Um, have that reference um in the future.
Yeah. So yes. So in the process, you know,
the teacher goes through the preparation
components and then they're going to be
observed,
whether that's a recorded observation or
a.
Yeah, or in person observation.
So if there was like a place for a
recorded observation there where the
coach can provide the the rubric or
feedback.
So the coach has both like access to the
lesson entry and the and the observation
to provide feedback.
Yes, I I believe that's also doable, yes.
OK. Um.
PASO 5 I was really fascinated by how
your perspective on this.
I really like it how it added.
It expanded my thoughts about what PASO 5
looks like.
I like the question like how how students
experience the classroom.
every day and this that you also use this
phrase of move away from you know
thinking forward on the student but to
who the student is.
So I think you're getting that bias of
what they assume assumptions might have
assumed about a student.
For their students in their classroom and.
Oh.
So PASO 5 also and you did touch on the
components about family and community,
so that but I it didn't seem as as
balanced in there, so I've been wondering.
So it's also you were talking a lot about
the dynamics within the classroom,
but it's also going to is about bringing
components from.
From understand interacting with families
and being involved in community,
things that kind of happen outside the
classroom sometimes and then impact how
the classroom interacts.
So I don't know if we wouldn't mark that
as.
Part of reflection. Um.
I I don't know,
I just wanted to point that out.
See.
Do you have any questions?
Does that align with what you were
Could you expand? Yeah,
expand a little bit more. Sorry.
thinking?
Um.
By myself. Sorry,
I need to make the screen bigger.
I can't see it.
Thanks.
Um, I like under operational requirements.
I would also put you know it's learning
from.
families.
OK, so add in incorporating of families,
OK.
Hmm.
Alright.
Um, yeah, the reflection support. Um.
The game would be about also about
interaction with family and community.
OK.
We can absolutely do that. We can do that.
OK.
Um and.
Oh, Paso 6.
Um.
Lots of great thoughts I I agree with and
like the you know what?
What do teachers do after they've gone
through this process?
It's a really good capsulation and I like
that.
You know,
it sounded to me like you're talking
about, um.
The objectives around and and kind of
let's see I.
Just, you know, under user requirements,
I think you're talking about identifying
inequities. Yeah,
advocacy prompts that include things,
areas where they can see like what is it
I've done so far to try to advocate for a
Mhm.
student, certain student or try to.
Help my students understand advocacy
cause it can be perceived either
direction about what the teacher needs to
do,
but also like empowering students but in
terms of.
Yeah, uh.
Operational requirements and.
I'm not sure where this fits, you tell me,
but need they it does need to include
some database individualization decision
making processes.
Mm-hmm.
So that means that we they identified
back in Paso too how they are going to
assess the students in this lesson.
So this is about also what were the
outcomes of your lesson?
What did your students learn and what are
you going to do with that to track
student growth and make a decision?
So this helps with,
especially when we get down to talking
about students with disabilities.
That we might need to or students that
may have growth concerns that we are able
to track their outcomes on lessons over
time, yeah.
As well. OK, all right.
And and then, yeah, their outcomes.
So the teacher's like, OK,
this was the outcome. You know,
I have their graph.
I'm they're not making adequate progress
and I took this action. Now I'm gonna,
which will be like I'm making a change in
my instruction.
And then the next time comes around and
it's like,
well that wasn't enough and overtime I've
made these efforts.
So now I'm going to take the action and
speak to the team that will refer them.
Mhm.
So like some tracking of like what did I?
Make decisions about within particular
students of concern.
OK, yeah.
We can do that. We can track.
We're gonna try and implement something
to help track.
Yeah, so yeah,
back when you have like the knowledge of
As you said.
the learner components and you have the
dynamics of the class,
somehow it just need to connect to
process 6 with that like you know if it's
like.
On the components of the class,
you have these things about the student
interest,
but you also have like where is that
student?
Um,
performance wise and what are the actions
I've done to support this student?
Um.
OK, workflow questions.
We're going the next.
I think it was on the next page. Sure, OK.
Um.
OK,
so why is it because the first team is
doing Paso one and two?
Or why is it so only Paso 3 through 6?
No, the slide above covers, what is it,
one through or one and two,
as well as some other things,
three and three through six. Yeah,
they get grouped up here because they all
kind of fall under the same umbrella.
Oh, it's just what you're describing. OK,
I miss. OK.
Oh, OK.
So I only kind of separated out one and
two gave them their own dedicated
description.
Three through 6 kind of have the same
OK.
workflow since they're navigational only
at the time,
so they're kind of covered here.
OK,
I just saw the path that teachers may
select three through 6 and then it was
confused.
Yeah, no, it was just to save slides,
that's all.
Why can't they select one and two? OK, OK,
I just misunderstood. All right.
Thank you for your visuals.
Can I see those again?
I have a lot of visuals,
as you know from the things that I
provided you.
Is there a way that we can like discuss
using some version of the visuals that I
have?
Created.
Yeah, no.
These are all technical mock-ups.
Yeah, uh huh.
Nothing really set in stone here.
These are just ideas.
So if you have any resources you'd like
or would prefer specific design,
OK.
now would be a good time to let us know
the direction.
Mm-hmm.
OK,
do you want to see now or do you want me
to send it to you?
Actually,
I can stop sharing if you wanna share
OK.
them.
Yeah, and share them in the chat as well,
like you did the previous things too,
please.
OK, thanks.
Sorry, just a second.
Um.
Well,
I might not be ready with the new one
that I I had, but I'm just gonna.
You already have this,
so I just wanted to explain like the I
like how you started with that the phases
of reaching 100%.
I know I did describe something like that,
so like where you're going,
but I also am wondering.
I don't want it to look like it's one and
done,
and I'm wondering if there's a way to do
something.
It's that is using this kind of face of
the hexagon, which is with each.
Paso being a triangle that expands from
the center going out.
And so it's more of a.
Um.
The the percentage bar is just more like
this triangle that it's being filled in.
Yes, hypothetically. I mean,
that would just be some, like,
Yeah.
graphical changes.
It's not really technical.
We'd have to mess with it,
but it sounds possible.
OK.
Yeah.
And then I guess the technical part of it
that I wonder is that and I I don't know
if I have the visual answer for this,
OK.
but is that.
That.
I guess they might have 100% like
completion of the tasks for for each paso
for one lesson, but not for.
Overall. So if there's like, I don't know,
a differently,
like a different way that that's phased
out for a lesson versus like where
they've gone overall.
So like a personal.
OK.
Yeah, because every lesson that they.
Six steps and then like a lesson based
six steps, 6 steps.
Yes. So every time they do a lesson,
it's gonna vary on where they how they've
addressed each of these areas,
but over time they're.
Um.
Each of those,
every time they do a lesson,
it's going to add to how much they've
addressed in each of these areas.
Would you want the teachers to be able to
create the lessons at will?
Or is this something managed by the coach?
Create.
Um.
Sorry.
Um.
I um.
Or both.
Yes,
the teachers are gonna create the lessons
at will, yeah.
OK.
O I'm thinking there could be two rofiles
then.
I'm kind of spitballing here.
There could be two profiles.
Yeah.
Let's say the teacher logs in.
They're on their homepage,
like the welcome back page.
You kind of saw those Passo your progress
rectangles. They'd have two options.
Let's instead of having rectangles that
Mm-hmm.
show Passo one through 6.
Progress.
Scrap that and there'll be two options.
It'll be 2 graphics,
one on the left says lesson and the one
on the right says personal or vice versa.
The user clicks on the lesson one.
Mm-hmm.
It opens UA directory to lessons and
gives you the ability to create a new
lesson.
Mhm.
And if they click on the personal,
it goes directly into their saved
progress, whatever was saved previously.
Does that make sense?
I think so.
Be easy if I had pictures in my head,
but basically it's two buttons.
Yeah, yeah.
One button is linked to lessons and gives
you the ability to add more,
and the other button just goes straight
to the personal survey.
Yeah, I can probably create.
I can create you a a visual this weekend.
And give you something. Yeah, sure.
OK.
And I.
Can I interject here Daniel?
Because I'm when the lesson the weight is
just now the the creation of a lesson
compared to the personal survey.
Those are two separate options, right? So.
In order to the teacher should always be
able to go into the lesson,
create a lesson and that should be
independent of the survey.
What we and this maybe I'm understanding
differently.
The lesson plan and the survey results
are data points that will be used in
generating.
the modified lesson,
the derived AI lesson plan.
So there are two independent components.
I mean, I.
Yeah, I mean, remember,
the point of this is not the Lesson plan,
Right.
to be honest.
The point is that the teacher goes
through the process and then every time
and that they're on a journey.
That's why it's called Caminos, because.
Having,
I mean having a database of lesson plans
that you've done is is helpful to go back
to and improve them. But what a coach,
what we're trying to do is recreate a
coach.
And we have a real coach interface,
but ultimately we're creating a coach.
And so the teacher is being encouraged to
engage in using this app over and over
and over over time so that they become
better at.
Having the knowledge of self having each
of these things.
So what I'm trying to say is like that
they have an interface that's like this
is their long term growth and.
The and that's kind of their landing page
and then the interface that might be a
particular lesson they've worked on.
I think overall what we're currently in
phase one addressing is like a current
lesson plan that they're working on.
So I'm just saying for the interface
component of it that.
That that that data ultimately is going
to a long term.
Growth tracker.
OK,
so the lesson button as I kind of called
it, when they click on it,
this is going to be less.
So we're we're not giving the teacher the
ability to flesh out like major lesson
plans. This is just.
The ability to create a list where they
can add past lesson plans and kind of
evaluate them after the fact.
Very like bare bones information.
Let's say they did like a.
Mm.
Vacations lessons plan, base lessons plan.
They can just call it like vacations
lesson and then click into it and it
gives them the ability to review it and
evaluate it.
But it's not like a full lesson plan in
writing on the website. It's just kind of.
The ability to evaluate a AST lesson plan
in theory.
Actually, that's a good.
Um,
I think we're moving away from what I was
talking about 'cause I was just talking
about the the phase tracking part.
Um.
But again,
I think it would be helpful if I took him
some time in this weekend and meet
Geovisual.
Mm-hmm.
OK, and now I was um.
Mostly saying it's kind of placeholders
with the way I'm understanding it.
Yeah.
So it's not going to be doing anything
significant to this point.
Great.
Mostly the personal option,
which is then goes into the survey that
saves whatever the teacher's input is.
That's the main functionality for the
homepage.
Yeah.
And then my other user interface question
was that can the chat, can it,
can the questioning on in any of the
pages look more?
Like a chat, um, than a form.
It has text boxes.
Xbox is.
I can it start with a question that
prompts them and they answer it and then
they get a separate question and they do
feature.
You know.
I'm not a CSS wizard,
but there's probably a way to do
something like that,
or it kind of skips to the next question,
kind of emulates a conversation that way,
where it shows you one question and it
kind of fades into the next one.
Does that make sense?
Yeah, I don't. I don't know, Mark,
in our conversations like in the long
term face parts of this.
Um, do you?
And I know, Daniel, you're there also,
but um.
I mean,
the goal to me is that it ultimately
looks like the a conversation and that
the AI is informing what question is
chosen next. Um.
Right.
So if it has to be a form for now, I mean,
it's a form, but I don't know. Yeah,
Yeah,
I think that's where we finished off last
I just wondered how the interface could
be different.
time is we need to establish the baseline
foundation for the data before the A I
can be implemented.
So I think that's where we finished off
Right.
on that conversation,
if I remember correctly.
Yeah, yes.
But so I'm just wondering about the
Can I? May I interject?
interface.
Like does it look like a form or can it
also be?
Can I ask a quick,
may I interject for a minute please?
Mm-hmm. Yes.
Doctor Joy,
is it possible for us to get out quickly
a scan a copy of a lesson planned and
also to see also what the lesson plan of
the district of Marietta looks like for a
5th grade a fifth grader?
Because I think what year is it?
Yeah. So by the way,
it's not a district lesson plan.
I I also wanted to say like districts,
some of them do that for certain subjects,
but it's a curric. I mean,
they're coming from a curriculum that is.
Purchased. And so yes,
I can get that to you. But also, I mean,
that's a copyrighted document,
so I I don't know how we're going to.
Upload lesson plans.
That is what we had to ask because the I
think what you're getting at if we're
Yeah.
able to see at the basis what is what the
lesson plan is a teacher compared to what
Yeah.
if the district or whatever that
standardized plan is,
Mhm.
Yeah.
because I think you want to make it
interactive.
Firstly,
just to get a sense and look at it to see
Yeah.
how the data is captured,
the format etcetera,
and then see to what extent, if feasible,
we could make it interactive where the
teacher could change, add information,
change information and also what is what
would be.
What it it will help when we're saying to
the A I generate a lesson plan,
an updated or comprehensive lesson plan.
These are the points and are the format
we want it to be, you know,
the format we want you to present the
information in.
So it would truly help if we can get
those two source document to, you know,
evaluate how how we can truly manipulate
it or or how we can make it interactive
if if it is feasible and also you know
what that end result would be.
Mm.
Like, so if we can get that,
that would be great.
So that the what we are,
you know we can produce to you know the
OK.
the desired result.
OK.
So you want tell me exactly what you're
saying. You want to what a end product?
Would that be feasible?
A lesson plan for the for one,
a lesson plan for the 5th grader.
What that typical lesson plan looks
teacher lesson plan for the 5th grader
Uh huh.
for language art.
And then you have to what is the district
or the whatever authorizing body set up
as you know what should be.
The lesson plan for 5th grader because
teachers will make modification to that.
So what would that normally be?
Looks like so those because those two
factors are critical data points are
critical because we're going to need
those.
We need them when we're going to do one
Mhm.
get that derive AI lesson plan.
So critical when we're doing the
validation of the derived lesson plan,
Yeah.
right?
So if we could see what that looks like
and then see how it is tweaked,
what's can we make it, you know,
interactive as what you're saying,
if that's feasible given the format and
information it contains.
And how detailed those,
you know the lesson plan does that
Mhm.
because that now we're just saying a
lesson plan,
but we have no idea as to what that looks
like for a fifth grader.
So if we can get those two items,
I think that would be help tremend,
that would help tremendously.
Um.
OK, what was the comment?
In the chat noises.
Professor Ji left.
OK, OK.
OK, he suggested something for you guys,
I guess.
OK, alright.
Sounds good.
You guys have done amazing work,
so I'm sure we have.
Um,
another meeting on the schedule already?
Um, or they'll put one on it.
Uh, yes.
Um, I will.
Good question.
I will think about this both Daniel and
Mark and get some.
I'll put something in the in the teams
folder.
Thanks.
Cool. That would be great.
Yeah.
Thank you.
OK,
thank you all your hard for all your hard
Thank you.
Of course,
thank you for listening to our
Thank you.
work.
resentation today.
Sure. All right. It was recorded, right?
Yes, it was. OK, good.
Yeah.
Hi, everybody.
Right.
Yeah, I think something.
Uh, yes.
Scale.
Right.
Alright, bye. Bye.
Have a good day.
Is it? Is it? Oh, OK, never mind.